the first major leadership gold. Upon graduating from the Naval Academy,
I attended division officer school in car Narrow California. And
from there I went to my first ship, Mrs Ogden, out of Wall Beach for
you. That four is now goes down. But at the time in the eighties, I
was very busy Port and I actually flew to Philippines. So meet my ship.
I was assigned at Engineering Army as a main machinery officer.
And so I spent the next 90 days deployed on the ship wall. Fine as
it insuring all surgical watch. No. Isn't Yao and then leading? I had
a department signs. I'm sorry. Division assigned to me off roughly
80 men Way were a single sex ship. That one warrant merged elephant.
Now, it was just the way that that ship was filled out and fitted
out with personnel. Um and so I had the crew on my machine. Is Bates
assigned between two different famous sherry planning a one namer.
She replied, over too. So a lot of time down there, qualifying. And
and then we were, as I said, deployed so from his oh, beans and civic.
I went, uh, with the ship award and got to go to Singapore, Hong
Kong, Korea, Hawaii and back to Long Beach, so a lot of steaming during
that first seat as an engineering officer.